c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ClubManager.Win.exe.config
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ClubManager.Win.exe
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ClubManager.Win.pdb
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.Controls.MemberBasicInfo.resources
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.Form1.resources
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.exe.licenses
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.exe
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.pdb
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager.Win\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Win.Controls.MemberList.resources
