c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ClubManager.exe.config
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ClubManager.exe
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ClubManager.pdb
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Win.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.UI.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.UI.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.Wizard.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v14.2.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Win.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.Extensions.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.UI.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.UI.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.Wizard.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v14.2.xml
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Win.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Win.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Win.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Win.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v14.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v14.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v14.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\obj\Debug\ClubManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Form1.resources
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\obj\Debug\ClubManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\obj\Debug\ClubManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\obj\Debug\ClubManager.exe.licenses
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\obj\Debug\ClubManager.exe
c:\users\iman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClubManager\ClubManager\obj\Debug\ClubManager.pdb
